hi everybody this is chai again on
today's special we're gonna make some
chana masala chana masala is a dish made
out of garbanzo beans or chickpeas we
are gonna need two and a half cups of
cooked chickpeas so you can use canned
chickpeas but you can cook your own
chickpeas you can watch the video that
I've made on how to prepare some hummus
there I explained how to cook your own
chickpeas we're gonna chop in on you
just like that then we're gonna chop
some ginger you're gonna need about 1
tbsp of chopped ginger now we're gonna
chop some cilantro about six to seven
leaves of cilantro
now we're gonna dice a tomato just like
that
we're going to put three to four
tablespoons of extra-virgin olive oil in
a pot let the oil heat and then add the
onion and ginger twist once the onion
and ginger are golden brown we're gonna
put one teaspoon of gamma masala which
is a very known spice in the Indian
kitchen for that we're gonna add the
tomatoes
now we're going to add half a teaspoon
of turmeric powder and mix it
it's time for the chickpeas we're going
to put the chickpeas inside
now we're gonna put one teaspoon of salt
and half of the portion of the chopped
cilantro that we prepared before we're
gonna cover it with two cups of water
and let it cook for about 40 minutes now
we're going to prepare some butter that
we're gonna put at the end of the
process we're gonna put about three
ounces of butter
the batter is going to add three to four
mass garlic cloves we're going to add
one teaspoon of mustard seed we're going
to use the black mustard seed since they
taste wonderful after about two to three
minutes our butter is ready
once the chana masala is cooked we're
gonna add the butter the garlic and the
mustard seed that we prepared before to
that we're gonna add the second half of
the chopped cilantro that's it
our chana masala is ready chana masala
is very healthy usually it's eaten with
rice or chapatti or both which you can
find the recipe in other videos of mine
that's it I hope you enjoyed this video
if you did please subscribe to my
channel until next time take care
you